Add Android native symbols and source context to RN Debug Symbols page (#7144)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup.mdx

    // you don't need to do it manually.
    // Default is disabled.
    uploadNativeSymbols = true

>     // Does or doesn't include the source code of native code for Sentry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // Enables or disables the automatic upload of the app's native source code to Sentry.
```

>     // This executes sentry-cli with the --include-sources param. automatically so

Reviewer: `h`: what happens if only `includeNativeSources` is set, but not `uploadNativeSymbols`? need to point out if this setting requires the above to be set also

Reviewer 2: Good point, this can be fixed here https://docs.sentry.io/platforms/android/gradle/ as well

Author: @marandaneto Yeah, make sense, I've copied it from there.
